README.md, before:

![NitroNet Logo](docs/imgs/logo.png)

NitroNet for Sitecore extends [NitroNet](https://github.com/namics/NitroNet) with the support for the WCMS [Sitecore](http://www.sitecore.net).  
It handles all possible presentation scenarios to integrate a [handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com) frontend into Sitecore without functional loss. In addition it's possible to get a hybrid integration with handlebars frontends (based on simple and logic-less view pages) and own Razor views (*.cshtml).

### NitroNet for Sitecore features
There are [many features which come with NitroNet](https://github.com/namics/NitroNet#nitronet-features) alone. On top of that NitroNet for Sitecore offers the following things:
- Support for the following Sitecore characteristics:
	- MVC based renderings (e.g. Controller Rendering)
	- Placeholders
	- Full support for the Experience Editor
	- Personalization
	- etc...
- Caching which fully integrates into the Sitecore caching mechanisms
- Out of the box integration as view engine
- Different NuGets for supported Sitecore versions and your preferred IoC framework

### What's NitroNet?

[NitroNet](https://github.com/namics/NitroNet) is a handlebars view engine with an intelligent built-in file system and the possibility to add custom helpers. Because of these two features NitroNet differs from other existing handlebars view engines.

### ... and whats Nitro?
[Nitro](https://github.com/namics/generator-nitro/) is a Node.js application for simple and complex frontend development with a tiny footprint. It provides a proven but flexible structure to develop your frontend code, even in a large team.

## Table of contents
- [Installation](docs/installation.md)
- [Configuration](docs/configuration.md)
- [Getting started](docs/getting-started.md)
- [Samples](docs/samples.md)
- [Demo Integration (Habitat)](https://github.com/hombreDelPez/Habitat/tree/feature/nitronet-sitecore-demo)
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/releases)
- [Known Issues](docs/known-issues.md)

## Future roadmap
[Please look at the milestones regarding the features and time frames of future releases.](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/milestones)

**Important features planned for 2018:**
- SC9 compatibility
- Youtube tutorial videos
- Demo solution/integration -> [here](https://github.com/hombreDelPez/NitroNet-Demo-Integration-Habitat/tree/feature/nitronet-sitecore-demo) (almost done)
- Extending the documentation

## Contact / Contributing
If you want to submit a bug or request a feature please feel free to open an issue.

If you want to get in contact with us, just write an email to [Manuel Fischer](https://github.com/hombreDelPez) or [Fabian Geiger](https://github.com/naibafch).

Pull requests are welcome!

## Credits and special thanks
Thanks to all the people who made and released these awesome resources for free!

Special thanks to [Marco Schälle](https://github.com/marcoschaelle) and [Stefan Schälle](https://github.com/schaelle) who fight for a smart way to integrate Frontends into ASP.NET and created the predecessor [TerrificNet](https://github.com/namics/TerrificNet) of NitroNet itself. Marco and Stefan were our opinion leaders of this product.

Also special thanks to [Mark Cassidy](https://github.com/cassidydotdk) for all product commits and propagation of our idea to the whole world.

Commit message:

Updated the documentation and the release notes for v2.0.0

README.md, after:

![NitroNet Logo](docs/imgs/logo.png)

NitroNet for Sitecore extends [NitroNet](https://github.com/namics/NitroNet) with the support for the WCMS [Sitecore](http://www.sitecore.net).  
It handles all possible presentation scenarios to integrate a [handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com) frontend into Sitecore without functional loss. In addition it's possible to get a hybrid integration with handlebars frontends (based on simple and logic-less view pages) and own Razor views (*.cshtml).

### NitroNet for Sitecore features
There are [many features which come with NitroNet](https://github.com/namics/NitroNet#nitronet-features) alone. On top of that NitroNet for Sitecore offers the following things:
- Support for the following Sitecore characteristics:
	- MVC based renderings (e.g. Controller Rendering)
	- Placeholders
	- Full support for the Experience Editor
	- Personalization
	- etc...
- Caching which fully integrates into the Sitecore caching mechanisms
- Out of the box integration as view engine
- Different NuGets for supported Sitecore versions and your preferred IoC framework

### What's NitroNet?

[NitroNet](https://github.com/namics/NitroNet) is a handlebars view engine with an intelligent built-in file system and the possibility to add custom helpers. Because of these two features NitroNet differs from other existing handlebars view engines.

### ... and whats Nitro?
[Nitro](https://github.com/namics/generator-nitro/) is a Node.js application for simple and complex frontend development with a tiny footprint. It provides a proven but flexible structure to develop your frontend code, even in a large team.

## Table of contents
- [Installation](docs/installation.md)
- [Configuration](docs/configuration.md)
- [Getting started](docs/getting-started.md)
- [Samples](docs/samples.md)
- [Demo Integration (Habitat)](https://github.com/hombreDelPez/Habitat/tree/feature/nitronet-sitecore-demo)
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/releases)
- [Known Issues](docs/known-issues.md)

## Future roadmap
[Please look at the milestones regarding the features and time frames of future releases.](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/milestones)

**Important features planned in the near future:**
- [Possibility to exclude certain Sitecore renderings](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/pull/25)
- [Better error message when there are renderings with identical name](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/issues/24)
- Youtube tutorial videos

## Contact / Contributing
If you want to submit a bug or request a feature please feel free to open an issue.

If you want to get in contact with us, just write an email to [Manuel Fischer](https://github.com/hombreDelPez) or [Fabian Geiger](https://github.com/naibafch).

Pull requests are welcome!

## Credits and special thanks
Thanks to all the people who made and released these awesome resources for free!

Special thanks to [Marco Schälle](https://github.com/marcoschaelle) and [Stefan Schälle](https://github.com/schaelle) who fight for a smart way to integrate Frontends into ASP.NET and created the predecessor [TerrificNet](https://github.com/namics/TerrificNet) of NitroNet itself. Marco and Stefan were our opinion leaders of this product.

Also special thanks to [Mark Cassidy](https://github.com/cassidydotdk) for all product commits and propagation of our idea to the whole world.
