### New Features / Enhancements
- NitroNet updated to version **1.1.1**
	- You can find the release notes [here](https://github.com/merkle-open/NitroNet/releases/tag/1.1.1)
- Greatly improved documentation:
	- Updated, corrected and extended
	- Better syntax highligthing of code examples
- Prereleases are now supported by the build routine and delivered via nuget.org if necessary
- There will be Sitecore specific NuGets. Currently there are Sitecore 8.1 and 8.2 NuGets.
- A new NuGet `NitroNet.Sitecore.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.Sitecore82` is available now (only for Sitecore 8.2). It automatically registers all the NitroNet-types to the container.

### Fixed Issues
- `NitroNet.UnityModules` and `NitroNet.CastleWindsorModules` now reference the correct `NitroNet.Sitecore` dependency
- The Caching of components has been fixed and works now correct in Sitecore. Find more information in the *Known Issues* section.
- NitroNet.Sitecore.dll was not installed properly. This has been fixed.
- It is now possible to have several files in a component folder which contain hyphens in the file name. Before, it was only possible to have one file with hyphens.

### Removed Features / Breaking Changes
- The controller parameters `skin` and `dataVariation` have been renamed to `template` and `data` to meet the naming convention of *Nitro*
- AsyncLocal has been removed. It was legacy code from the previous project and is no longer needed.

### Update/Installation Instructions

#### NitroNet upgrade instructions
Please consult the [release notes of NitroNet 1.1.1](https://github.com/merkle-open/NitroNet/releases/tag/1.1.1.0).

#### Upgrading the NitroNet.Sitecore NuGet
It is not possible to just update the NitroNet.Sitecore NuGet in Visual Studio. You have to uninstall it and then install the new Sitecore specific NuGet of NitroNet.Sitecore. This is because we change the names of the NuGets to have specific Sitecore version compatibility.

#### Guide to renaming the controller parameters
You have to do a Find/Replace operation in your solution in your controller classes.
Then you need to replace `skin` with `template` and `dataVariation` with `data`.

Example:

```csharp
//Before
public ActionResult Index(string skin, string dataVariation)
{
	//Your code
}
```

```csharp
//After
public ActionResult Index(string template, string data)
{
	//Your code
}
```