### New Features / Enhancements
- NitroNet updated to version **1.1.3**
	- You can find the release notes [here](https://github.com/namics/NitroNet/releases/tag/1.1.3)
- Updated documentation
	- Various fixes and enhancements
	- Updated roadmap
- Support for Sitecore 9 was added - Issue [23](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/issues/23)
	- A new NuGet package was added for Sitecore 9: `NitroNet.Sitecore.Sitecore90`
	- *Sitecore.Configuration.Settings.GetAppSetting* caused a lock during dependency registration in Sitecore 9. It was replaced with *System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.AppSettings*
	- The new dynamic placeholder of Sitecore 9 are being used (see breaking changes)
- The Sitecore libraries (DLLs) were removed from the repository and the Sitecore PackageReference approach was implemented
	- Sitecore Support fixes relevant for Sitecore 8.1/8.2 were directly integrated into the code
- The view engine now automatically gets registered with a config file. This saves an additional step in the installation process. - Issue [20](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/issues/20)

### Fixed Issues
- Rendering cache isn't properly updated on CD servers after publishing

### Removed Features / Breaking Changes
- Dynamic Placeholder extension for Sitecore 9: Additionally allows Sitecore.Data.ID besides integer - Issue [18](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/issues/18)
	- Further down are instructions for how to migrate existing content.

### Update/Installation Instructions

#### Migrate from a Sitecore 8.1 or 8.2 NuGet

1) If you are using a Sitecore 9 NitroNet.Sitecore NuGet then there is nothing to do for you. But if you are currently using a Sitecore 8.1 or 8.2 NitroNet.Sitecore NuGet you first have to become aware of all Visual Studio projects on which the NitroNet.Sitecore NuGet has been installed and write this information down.

- When using Microsoft DI, Unity or CastleWindsor you have to look for the following packages:
  - NitroNet.Sitecore.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.Sitecore82
  - NitroNet.Sitecore.UnityModules.Sitecore8x
  - NitroNet.Sitecore.CastleWindsorModules.Sitecore8x
- When using another IoC framework you have to look for the following package:
  - NitroNet.Sitecore.Sitecore8x

2) Uninstall these packages in all Visual Studio projects

3) Install the following new NuGet package in your selected Visual Studio projects:

- When using MS DI:
  - `PM >` `Install-Package NitroNet.Sitecore.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.Sitecore90`
- When using another IoC framework:
  - `PM >` `Install-Package NitroNet.Sitecore.Sitecore90`

#### Remove manual Registration of NitroNet View Engine
Before this release it was necessary to register the NitroNet View Engine manually with a Sitecore pipeline processor and a Sitecore config file/entry. This is now done automatically.

So remove your own Sitecore pipeline processor and its corresponding config file/entry after updating the NuGets.

#### Migrate Dynamic Placeholders

Sitecore 9 introduced the dynamic placeholder feature. Please follow the [official documentation](https://doc.sitecore.net/sitecore_experience_platform/developing/developing_with_sitecore/dynamic_placeholders) for more information about when and how to use it. NitroNet for Sitecore uses the new native dynamic placeholders starting with version 2.0. This means if you used NitroNet for Sitecore 1.x in combination with Sitecore 8.x and are upgrading to Sitecore 9 then you need to migrate all existing placeholder keys to the new format.

##### Migration of NitroNet 1.x placeholders

NitroNet for Sitecore 1.x offers dynamic placeholders out of the box.  
The pattern of those keys looks the following: *mykey_1_88498ee8-6dae-470e-bbec-bf158eb4a6e5*
This pattern needs to be migrated to the new format: *mykey-{88498EE8-6DAE-470E-BBEC-BF158EB4A6E5}-1*

Instructions:

- Add admin page [MigrateDynamicPlaceholders.aspx](https://github.com/namics/NitroNetSitecore/tree/master/docs/releases/utils/MigrateDynamicPlaceholders.aspx) to your solution in folder /sitecore/admin
- Change the setting *Query.MaxItems* to a high value which should be higher than the amount of page items you need to migrate (e.g. 10000)
- Run /sitecore/admin/MigrateDynamicPlaceholders.aspx in your browser. You should first run this script on a single test page and check if the migration works as intended. There are the following GET parameters you can use to migrate the right content.
  - database: Sitecore database. Default value: master
  - itemId: The dynamic placeholder migration is only processed on this start item. Example: {456B38B8-1C42-48AF-858E-FC58A2FC1491}
  - enableRecursion: This option enables recursion for the start item. Example: true

For example the following request migrates all renderings on the page item with ID {456B38B8-1C42-48AF-858E-FC58A2FC1491} and all its descendent page items in the master database to the new format: /sitecore/admin/MigrateDynamicPlaceholders.aspx?database=master&itemId={456B38B8-1C42-48AF-858E-FC58A2FC1491}&enableRecursion=true

##### Migration of DynamicPlaceholders.Mvc NuGet package

[DynamicPlaceholders.Mvc](http://fortis.ws/fortis-collection/dynamic-placeholders/) NuGet package is probably the most used library for enabling dynamic placeholders prior to Sitecore 9. If you are using this library instead of the NitroNet placeholders then you have to use another approach to migrate the placeholder keys when upgrading to Sitecore 9. Thankfully, Richard Seal covers this in his [blogpost about upgrading to Dynamic Placeholders in Sitecore 9](https://www.sitecorenutsbolts.net/2017/10/17/Sitecore-9-Upgrading-to-Dynamic-Placeholders/).